MAINT rename `base_estimator` and `base_estimator_` in ensemble classes (#23819)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.2.rst

  NaN in feature importance when fitted with very small sample weight.
  :pr:`20415` by :user:`Zhehao Liu <MaxwellLZH>`.

> - |Enhancement| Rename parameter `base_estimator` to `estimator` in
>   :class:`ensemble.BaseBagging`, :class:`ensemble.BaggingClassifier`,
>   :class:`ensemble.BaggingRegressor` to improve readability and for consistency.
>   `base_estimator` is deprecated and will be removed in 1.4.
>   :pr:`23819` by :user:`Adrian Trujillo <trujillo9616>` and :user:`Edoardo Abati <EdAbati>`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |API| Rename the constructor parameter `base_estimator` to `estimator` in
  the following classes:
  :class:`ensemble.BaggingClassifier`,
  :class:`ensemble.BaggingRegressor`,
  :class:`ensemble.AdaBoostClassifier`,
  :class:`ensemble.AdaBoostRegressor`.
  `base_estimator` is deprecated in 1.2 and will be removed in 1.4.
  :pr:`23819` by :user:`Adrian Trujillo <trujillo9616>` and :user:`Edoardo Abati <EdAbati>`.

- |API| Rename the fitted attribute `base_estimator_` to `estimator_` in
  the following classes:
  :class:`ensemble.BaggingClassifier`,
  :class:`ensemble.BaggingRegressor`,
  :class:`ensemble.AdaBoostClassifier`,
  :class:`ensemble.AdaBoostRegressor`,
  :class:`ensemble.RandomForestClassifier`,
  :class:`ensemble.RandomForestRegressor`,
  :class:`ensemble.ExtraTreesClassifier`,
  :class:`ensemble.ExtraTreesRegressor`,
  :class:`ensemble.RandomTreesEmbedding`,
  :class:`ensemble.IsolationForest`.
  `base_estimator_` is deprecated in 1.2 and will be removed in 1.4.
  :pr:`23819` by :user:`Adrian Trujillo <trujillo9616>` and :user:`Edoardo Abati <EdAbati>`.

```
